Turner Construction company was founded in New York in 1902 and its first project was a reinforced concrete cooper shop for the manufacturer J.B King & Company. The company negotiates contracts with several suppliers for the supply of various amounts of selected item kinds at a price that forms part of the contract. Orders are placed against any of the negotiated contracts for the supply of items at the price quoted in the contract. The price of an item quoted in a contract is called CONTRACT-PRICE. An order can consist of any amount of those items that are in that contract. The quantity of an item in an order is called ORDER-QTY. Any number of orders can be made against a contract. However, the sum of any given item kind in all orders against one contract cannot exceed the amount of that item kind quoted in that contract. This is called CONTRACT-AMOUNT in the database. An inquiry would be made to establish if a sufficient quantity of an item is available before an order for that item is placed. All the items in an order must be supplied as part of the same contract. Each order is placed only against one contract and is made on behalf of one project. An order is made for one or more item kinds in that contract. DATE-REQUIRED specifies the date of an order which is placed and DATE-COMPLETED specifies the date of an order which is filled.  
The access requirements for this system are given as follows: 
On-line transactions: 1. Enter a new SUPPLIER-NO with SUPPLIER-ADDRESS and SUPPLIER-NAME. (infrequent) 2. Enter a new ITEM-NO with ITEM-DESCRIPTION. (infrequent) 3. Enter a new PROJECT-NO with PROJECT-DATA. (infrequent) 4. Enter a new CONTRACT-NO with DATE-OF-CONTRACT together with the ITEM-NO, CONTRACT-PRICE, and CONTRACT-AMOUNT for all items in the contract. (infrequent) 5. Enter a new order (100/day) Enter ORDER-NO, DATE-REQUIRED, PROJECT-NO, CONTRACT-NO For each ordered item  Begin    Enter ITEM-NO, ORDER-NO, ORDER-QTY  End 6. Find the items in an order (30/day)  7. Find the price of an item in an order. The price of the item is the price negotiated for the order’s contract (5/day) 8. Find the orders in which a particular item appears (20/day) 
2 
 
9. Find the price for a given item in a contract (150/day) 10. Find a particular contract together with its supplier (20/day) 11. Find the quantity of a given item still available under a given contract (100/day) Detailed pseudocode of the access requirement is: Find the CONTRACT-AMOUNT for the ITEM-NO in the CONTRACT-NO Amount-available = CONTRACT-AMOUNT For all orders in the contract Begin   If the order contains the given ITEM-NO  Then amount-available = amount-available – ORDER-QTY End Output amount-available 
Batch Requirement:  1. Summarize the purchases by CONTRACT-NO of all items ordered in ITEM-NO order. Produce the summary with ITEM-NO listed within CONTRACT-NO (weekly) For each CONTRACT-NO  For each ORDER-NO in CONTRACT   For each ITEM-NO in ORDER    Create <CONTRACT-NO, ITEM-NO, ORDER-QTY> temporary record Sort in <CONTRACT-NO, ITEM-NO> sequence Sum all ORDER-QTY for same CONTRACT-NO and ITEM-NO  output the summary 
 
The volume data are  given as follows: 1. Number of contract   50 2. Average no. of items/contract 100 3. Max no. of items/contract   500 4. Average no. of orders/contract 1200 5. Max no. of orders/contract  6000 6. Average no. of contracts/supplier 3 7. Max no. contracts/supplier  10 8. Average no. of items/orders  10 9. Max no. of items/order  100 10. Average no. of orders/month  5000 11. Number of items    2000 12. Number of projects/month  50  
